# hotcocoa

* [http://github.com/ferrous26/hotcocoa](http://github.com/ferrous26/hotcocoa)
* [Documentation](http://rdoc.info/github/ferrous26/hotcocoa/master/frames) WIP

## Description

HotCocoa is a thin, idiomatic Ruby layer that sits above Cocoa and
other frameworks. HotCocoa used to be included in MacRuby but is now
managed as a separate gem.  This will allow HotCocoa to accept
contributions and evolve more quickly. To see more information on
HotCocoa (including tutorial) see
[http://macruby.org](http://macruby.org).

## Note

This is a fork of HotCocoa that is being kept alive by myself and
other contributors; most of the work now is going in to documentation
and regression tests, but we are still adding new mappings, improving
existing mappings, and adding other features that we feel help meet
the goals of this project.

If you find issues with HotCocoa you can open issues and I (or
another contributor) will try to fix them.

## Install

* sudo macrake install

This fork is only available from source right now.

## Documentation

Documentation is a work in progress; some of the documentation is
being ported from the MacRuby website where it is still available.

The documentation does not include the mappings right now due to the
way that mappings are implemented; a YARD plug-in is needed for that.

## License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009-2010 Richard Kilmer
Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Rada

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
